Continuous flow: Definition of expedited drafting changes (#47748)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/product-design/README.md

You'll know it's time for expedited drafting when:
- The team discovers that a drafted user story is missing crucial information that prevents contributors from continuing the development task.
- A user story is taking more effort than was originally estimated, and Product Designer (PD) wants to find ways to cut aspects of planned functionality in order to still ship the improvement in the currently scheduled release.

> - A user story on the drafting board hasn't been estimated and it cannot wait until the next weekly planning.

Reviewer: @noahtalerman, there's no estimation in the new continuous flow. AFAIK, we only specify t-shirt size for "full draft" stories.

Author: Thanks! Updated this to "hasn't been T-shirt sized"

> - A user story on the drafting board hasn't been estimated and it cannot wait until the next weekly planning.

Author: ```suggestion
- A user story on the drafting board hasn't been T-shirt sized and it cannot wait until the next weekly planning.
```
